Sweet, you're late again.
Pay attention next time
I know tonight, sister
But guess who I just saw on the road?
Who is your husband?
What a coincidence, you don't even know what I saw
Focus
I saw him wearing a valuable suit
Get out of a Rolls Royce
Into the top private club
Is he going to deliver food?
He confiscated the takeout fee
No takeout in hand
Definitely not for takeout
The little sister I share a room with works there
According to him, there are so many beautiful women inside
Luxurious lewd
What good can he do?
Believe that men can be trusted
Better to believe that the sow will climb the tree
Hello husband, where are you?
I'm delivering takeout
Why not?
Nothing, just wondering what you're having for dinner tonight
As long as you are there, everything is delicious.
Let's do this first, I'm busy today
Humph man's mouth deceiving ghost
I'll check the goods.